/*
████████╗ ██████╗ ██████╗  ██████╗ 
╚══██╔══╝██╔═══██╗██╔══██╗██╔═══██╗
   ██║   ██║   ██║██║  ██║██║   ██║
   ██║   ██║   ██║██║  ██║██║   ██║
   ██║   ╚██████╔╝██████╔╝╚██████╔╝
   ╚═╝    ╚═════╝ ╚═════╝  ╚═════╝ 
                                   

   MAIN
   need to handle folders
   create named folders with files
   download folder zip it
   add encryption
   add filesharing


   Make it so I gets3Session is only called every 14mintues or after it expires

   Storage Cap/
   Store filesize in database, done
   query users files & add 
   Store total in user? storage used

   Add a way to upload folders
   take the folder/Zip it & upload
   when download itll just give the zip file
   Problem w zipping wouldn’t be able to download individual files
   OR 

   Upload to s3 one by one
   What about encryption ?
   encrypt every file in the folder with one passphrase?
   How do i zip them if theyre all encrypted?
   have client side zipper tool?

   initally make it so user selects a folder it will zip it then encrypt?

   Solution1
   Make it so encrypted folders are zipped before uploading
   if not encrypted uploaded 1by1 to allow access to individual files

   Solution2
   could probably make it so each file in folder is encrypted with same passphrase
   when downloading it decrypts each file & then zips it for download


   front end
   figure out how to add a folder
   get filename/ file info of each file in the folder
   put it into an object
   send it to backend
   getsignedurl for each file
   match signedurl to files 
   send it to front end
   upload each file to their signedurl in parallel
  
   Each needs its own signedurl
   When u download a folder ? It gets each signedurl & zips it

   Encryption:
   checkbox for encrypt file
   when upload prompt user to enter a passphrase
   encrypt with passphrase derived encryption key
   when download prompt user to enter their passphrase from uploading
   decrpyt with passphrase derived encryption key
   
   File Sharing?
   add permissions to files?
   add encryption flag to files, if encrypted prompt for a passphrase
   if a user has permission to read the file it will showup on their list of files tagged with original owners username

   allow users to share files between accounts, Can decrypt if they share passphrase 
   ^ Initially, figure out a better solution for this later..

   allow users to create a "dropbox" link where anyone with the link can upload to their account no encryption allowed
   allow users to create a public download link for specific files
*/